what goes up once upon a time on Sodor
Gordon puffed past Toby who was staring
in Wonder at the mountain whose so high
up
gasps Toby as his eyes looked right to
the top
I've been up there boasted Gordon you
have not splattered Toby yes I have
argued Gordon big engines aren't scared
of going up so high
I'm not scared frown Toby though he
didn't seem so sure I'll bet that you're
too scared to follow me up the mountain
Gordon said to him Toby did not want to
look small in silly so he quickly agreed
to go along a while later the two
engines were heading up the steep slopes
of the mountain Toby was getting puffed
out it's all right
Toby told himself if I don't look down
then I can pretend I'm on a normal track
that isn't high up at all soon he saw
Gordon stop up ahead of him will you
have you stopped Toby asked because
we've reached the top the big steamy
declared we have Yelp Toby in surprise
oh I made it but in his excitement Toby
looked down and saw how high up they
were he froze in fright
come on let's go back down said Gordon I
can't move toby wheeshed I might fall
over the side Gordon tried to convince
Toby to move but he wouldn't roll an
inch Gordon had an idea and his driver
called for Hiro soon Hiro arrived up the
mountain track couple up to me and I'll
lead you down you don't have to do
anything the kindly old engine explained
my wheels would still be rolling Toby
protested Hiro could see how scared
Toby was so he went to find Thomas who
he thought might persuade Toby come on
Toby
I said when he arrived don't worry Hiro
can lead you down and he's so big you
won't be able to see how I up you are
Toby was even more afraid of not seeing
anything at all
Thomas thought hard again for a minute
before peeping with an idea and speeding
off Thomas returned a while later he had
brought Toby's bird friends from his
shed my Birds cried Toby with joy the
birds fluttered above Toby and slowly
flew away from him without even
realizing Toby followed them back down
the mountain track it wasn't until he
reached the bottom that Toby realized
what had happened I was so busy looking
at the birds that I didn't look down he
smiled
thanks Thomas he said I don't care what
Gordon says little engines are
definitely better on the ground
you